# Template repo for CA282 RPN calculator.

## Prerequisites

This is an npm project.  It depends upon a number of npm modules.

To install the necessary npm modules, use:

    $ npm install

    # or...
    $ make node_modules

To build the static/index.html file, use either:

```
$ make -C static build
```

or:

```
$ make static/index.html
```

If you do not have asciidoc, then read the comment in `static/Makefile`.

Asciidoc, node and npm are available:

  - in the default CI image on GitLab,
  - in the [TermCast/docker environment](https://termcast.computing.dcu.ie/docker/), and
  - on the [student SSH server](https://termcast.computing.dcu.ie/).

In the _TermCast/docker_ environment, you won't be competing with your classmates for
ports.  (On a shared server, you can't all run your server on the default port at the same time.).

## What's here?

- `index.js` -- This is the node/Javascript server implementation.  You will have to extend this.
- `Makefile` -- This contains some phony build and test targets.
- `node_modules` -- This is generated by "npm install".
- `package.json` -- npm package files (you can ignore this).
- `package-lock.json` -- npm package files (you can also ignore this)
- `README.md` -- This file.
- `static` -- Static content.  The file index.(ascii|html) contains your instructions for
  implementing your RPN calculator.
- `test-random.sh` -- Shell script for testing the "random" API.
- `test-rpn.sh` -- Shell script for testing the "rpn" API.
- `test-rpn` -- Implementation files for testing the "rpn" API (you shouldn't need too much in here).

## Task

Your task is as follows:

1. Extend the implementation in `index.js` such that it implements the RPN-calculator API described in
   static/index.(ascii|html).
2. Ensure `make run-test-rpn` succeeds.
3. Complete the `.gitlab-ci.yml` CI config files such that the tests are run (and pass!) when you push
   your work to GitLab.

## Note

The demo/random-number API endpoints are of the form `/test/foobar`.

The RPN API endpoints are of the form just `/foobar`.

## Updates (only if instructed to do so)

If it proves necessary to update this repo in any way, then:

```
$ git remote add sblott https://gitlab.computing.dcu.ie/sblott/ca282-rpn-calculator.git
$ git fetch sblott
$ git merge sblott/master
```
